Fix performance of config augmentation and module imports (#9021)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/fast-config-resolution.md

---
"stylelint": minor
---

> Added: improved performance when linting many files by caching config augmentation and module imports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed: performance when linting many files by caching config augmentation and module imports
```

Would be more inline [our other changelog entries](https://stylelint.io/changelog/).

Let's do the same for the other PRs.

> Added: improved performance when linting many files by caching config augmentation and module imports

Reviewer: Let's include "performance" as that's what's being fixed and what the user is interested in. It's a category of fixes like false positives/negatives and autofix.

```
Fixed: performance of config augmentation and module imports
```

We [tend not to include](https://stylelint.io/changelog/) the how in the changelog entry. Those kinds of details can be found in the PR.

Let's do the same for the other PRs.

> Added: improved performance when linting many files by caching config augmentation and module imports

Author: Changed according to suggestions.
